SubmissionNumber#=%=#20
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Connecting Language and Vision to Actions
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#
NumberOfPages#=%=#
CopyrightSigned#=%=#
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#
Abstract#==#A long-term goal of AI research is to build intelligent agents that can see the
rich visual environment around us, communicate this understanding in natural
language to humans and other agents, and act in a physical or embodied
environment. To this end, recent advances at the intersection of language and
vision have made incredible progress -- from being able to generate natural
language descriptions of images/videos, to answering questions about them, to
even holding free-form conversations about visual content! However, while these
agents can passively describe images or answer (a sequence of) questions about
them, they cannot act in the world (what if I cannot answer a question from my
current view, or I am asked to move or manipulate something?). Thus, the
challenge now is to extend this progress in language and vision to embodied
agents that take actions and actively interact with their visual environments.
To reduce the entry barrier for new researchers, this tutorial will provide an
overview of the growing number of multimodal tasks and datasets that combine
textual and visual understanding. We will comprehensively review existing
state-of-the-art approaches to selected tasks such as image captioning, visual
question answering (VQA) and visual dialog, presenting the key architectural
building blocks (such as co-attention) and novel algorithms (such as
cooperative/adversarial games) used to train models for these tasks. We will
then discuss some of the current and upcoming challenges of combining language,
vision and actions, and introduce some recently-released interactive 3D
simulation environments designed for this purpose.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Peter
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Anderson
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#peter.anderson@anu.edu.au
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Australian National University
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Abhishek
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Das
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#abhshkdz@gatech.edu
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Georgia Tech
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Qi
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Wu
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#qi.wu01@adelaide.edu.au
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#University of Adelaide

==========